We're finished our application we're able to favorite Our quotes there and to see them in our application
here in this list.
We're able to switch the background to an alternative one if you prefer to do this we can unfavorite
our quotes of course like this.
You can also Favorite them here or like that.
So we implemented quite a lot features on the two officers.
We implemented a lot of components like cards or buttons or the modal or de-lurk here or the list here
or a sliding list item or the menu here or to the tabs at the bottom.
So quite a lot of components and you learned how to add them how to add tabs how to add your own menu
how to set up a list with buttons or with list items with iron items or how to add such a sliding item.
A lot of things which are very useful which you will probably use in your apps.
You also learned how to theme your apps and we're not even done.
There are free apps to go in this course.
So loads of content ahead of us but we will also dive into how to manage user input how to add authentication
how to use HTP and how to use native device features like the camera something we're not doing at all
here.
But there's really lays out the basics that I can only encourage you to play around with this app.
Dive into the documentation on some components you want to use learn more about those components and
maybe set your own practice app.
But don't forget to all to continue and have a look at the average Continental's course where we will
dive much deeper into it.
See you there.